Hello everyone.
In this video we're going to pick up right where we left off.
So we have our automatically generated dist folder.
And as of this moment it contains our javascript and our CSX at this point.
Let's set things up so that it also copies over our HDMI all from the app folder.
However we need to be aware of the fact that in each TMM file needs to know the names of these SS and
JavaScript files that it wants to load.
And remember we added these chunk hash values and there is no way for our HD PML file to be able to
predict the future and magically know the chunk cache values.
Let me show you what I'm getting at.
So within our app folder if you open up indexed on HDMI all and scroll down to the very bottom well
you'll see we have this script tag.
This worked in the past because we knew that the file was going to be named bundled dot J Yes.
But now that our file names are unpredictable how are we going to load the assets in our HDMI now.
Well this might seem super unintuitive but check this out within your index dot each PML file.
I actually want you to delete this script tag.
Go ahead and save this file.
Now clearly if you ran NPM run dev to preview your site you would not be seeing any javascript or CSX.
Right.
Because we just remove the reference to it.
However we can use a very popular Web pack plug in to save the day.
Right now in your command line I want you to install a package with me.
So run npm install in the name of the package is h t M.L. dash web pack dash plug in.
Be sure to include dash dash save Dev.
OK now let's go leverage that plug in.
So jump back into web pack config J.S. and up at the very top.
Let's load in that package so I will say const HDMI all web Park plug in should equal.
And then just require it require parentheses quotes HDMI l dash web pack dash plug.
I forgot to mention that just in the last week this plug in has been downloaded over 4 million times.
It's a reliable industry standard.
Now we want to leverage this plug in for both our dev and our build tasks.
So let's do this.
Let's find our config variable right.
This code is used for both dev and build.
And maybe right after this entry line.
So after this comma we can drop down to a new line and let's say plug ins colon.
And we know that plug ins should be an array.
So square brackets.
And then at the very end comma.
Now you might remember that we've already set the plug ins option within our if statement for the build
task.
That's OK.
In just a moment we can modify the code down there to push onto this existing array instead.
However within this shared config within this array let's just create a new instance of the HDMI plug
in.
So new HD CML web Park plug in parentheses inside these parentheses we give it an object to configure
it.
So curly brackets and we just need to give it to properties file name is the name of the file that we
want it to generate.
So let's say quotes and for now let's just say indexed on HDMI all after the quotes include a comma.
We need one more property named template colon.
And this is where we point towards the file that we wanted to use as its basis which is our index dot
HDMI all file that contains all of our actual content and HDMI out.
So quotes dot slash go into the app folder slash grab the file named index dot HDMI out.
OK now we just need to go into the if statement for our build task and adjust the plug ins to be added
on to this array.
So scroll down we're looking for if current task equals build in towards the bottom of that we see config
dot plug ins equals.
Well we no longer want to completely modify or replace the value of plug ins.
Instead we just want to add these on to that array that already exists from up above.
So here's what I want you to do inside these square brackets.
I want you to select everything.
So we don't need to select and highlight the square bracket but just begin with new and then scroll
all the way to the end of this line right before the closing square bracket.
OK.
Then go ahead and cut that into your clipboard you'll know that you selected and cut the right code.
If now it just looks like this config dot plug ins equals an empty square bracket pair.
Now we can get rid of the equal sign in the square brackets so config dot plug ins dot push.
Right.
We want to add on or push more items onto this array that already exists.
So within these parentheses we can just paste in our clipboard.
Cool.
Let's go ahead and save this file and test it out.
So in the command line let's say NPM run build
OK.
Let's go check our dist folder cool.
We see a file named index start HDMI out.
Now here's the moment of truth.
Let's drag this static HDMI file on top of an open web browser to open a preview.
So here I have an open web browser.
Google dot com.
And if I drag index down each team L on top of that.
Well you see that annoying alert test message that I forgot to get rid of.
But if we click OK things look a bit weird because we haven't copied over the images or photographs
to the disk folder yet.
But you'll notice that our C Ss and JavaScript are both loading perfectly right.
So I can click on get in touch and it opens the modal if you're curious how this works.
Well you can open this generated index dot HDL file write the one that lives in our dist folder you
can open this in your text editor cool around line number 9 you can see that that web pack HDMI plug
in automatically added this reference to the CSF file.
Right.
And Web Park has access to that chunk cash value.
And then if we scroll down to the very bottom perfect web pack also knew the perfect chunk cash value
of the latest copies for our main javascript and our vendor javascript.
This is excellent.
We can close that.
Now clearly we still need to work on copying over the images into the disk folder.
But before we get to that I want to address the common question of well what if we have more than one
each tmx file.
Right.
What if we had a small Web site with three or five or ten pages.
Well that's a great question.
I would say if you have more than 10 pages you should probably be using a static site generator or something
a bit more dynamic.
However for less than 10 pages you probably don't need a static site generator.
And instead we can just configure this web packed scenario to work perfectly.
Let me show you what I would do first of all we need to have more than one each CML file to practice
with.
So right now I want you to go into your.